ClickList
ClickList is an application that allows anyone to create, view, and organize todo lists, from anywhere

TODO lists are a common and successful technique used by people to organise, schedule and prepare for upcoming tasks and remainders. 
However, using a physical medium introduces numerous potential issues and complications. Physical lists can be lost, forgotten, 
or damaged before they have exhausted their use. 
Losing a List will lead to gaps in the knowledge gained from organizing a task, which can result in both a frustrating experience 
and time consuming. In addition, having access to a wide variety of physical TODO lists for multiple subjects necessitates the creation 
and maintenance of a physical filing system.

Our solution is an application for electronic TODO lists that can be viewed anywhere. 
The application will maintain the function and utility of TODO Lists, while providing enhanced features that would not be possible 
with the physical alternative.

The application will help users create a robust library of TODO lists for review by allowing them to 
create TODO lists with various types of tasks, as well as offering several tools for their management and organization. 

An example of the benefits this would provide is the ability to sort many TODO lists into different categories, 
which allows for greater efficiency while doing a Task as well as flexibility between remainders and tasks. 

Options such as daily productivity goals will help the user stay motivated throughout their productivity session and simulate the experience of 
an actual physical productivity tool in a limited amount of time.

This introduces an objective measure of progress, along with an aspect of competitiveness that will engage the user to continue organizing tasks,
helping transform a tedious activity into something fun and addicting.

This product is valuable because it will aid its users significantly in reviewing unfamiliar tasks, and preparing users to plan their day ahead
and as well as get organized. 

Additionally, since it will be developed for Android, it will be easily accessible to those who need it due to the popularity and ubiquity of the 
Android operating system. In addition, the application will attempt to rectify some of the problems that similar products have failed 
to address and in doing so, providing an improved user experience.

The typical user group is projected to be for people who want to stay organized in their daily busy life schedule.
However, it should be a helpful application for anyone with something to increase productivity, decrease stress levels or free up
some mental space. Therefore, the application will be accessible for regular humans and its usage of this application should not require 
any extensive academic or technical knowledge.

The success criteria for this project is to try to improve the productivity of the users by at least completing tasks sucessfully over a 4-month period, 
or a day. For users not on a daily productivity schedule, the success criteria will be to ensure that the user can correctly complete at least 30% or more 
tasks in a given list, at the end of a day. This improvement can be measured objectively by scoring whether the goal was achieved at the end of the day.

NOTE:
This vision statement is just a "beginners guide" for me to develop this app. I am just using the basics I was taught in my software engineering 
class at my university therefore it will not be properly detail oriented. Thank You!
